Samantha Drew Shapiro. It is so hard to believe that we are standing here today celebrating your Bat Mitzvah. It seems like only yesterday when I was rushing your mother to the hospital when she told me that she is going to have this baby NOW!!!! You were such a beautiful baby and have grown up to be such a beautiful sweet and loving young lady. Mommy, Matthew and I and of course our six cats and one dog this couldn't love you more and be more proud of you. You have excelled in so many areas including sports and academics and we are so proud of you for making the Principal's honor roll every marking period at Voorhees Middle School even though you didn't think you could do it. One wish that I have for you is that you become more confident in yourself because we know that if you put your mind to it you can do and be whatever you want in life. You are a loving and caring daughter, sister, and friend. Anyone who calls you a friend is a very lucky person. You are your mother's twin from top to bottom which makes you very expensive but worth EVERY PENNY. You are so fortunate to be able to have the life you have but are so unaffected by it. Now let's get to your brother Matthew. You guys fight like cats and dogs just like most siblings but have a love for each other that is amazing. Your brother especially loves you when you agree with him or take up for him against me and your mother. One of our saddest memories was a few years back when you were playing capture the flag with Matthew and a few of your friends and fell and came crying into the house with a bloodied up face and arm. You would have thought that Matthew was hurt because he felt so bad that you were injured. Matthew is always there to support you at your basketball or softball games and even though he may yell at you to play harder he only wants you to play well and win. I know that if any guy ever hurts you and I am not around to take care of the situation just like my big brother Monty has always been there for me that your big brother will always be there for you. Matthew and Samantha as the two of you age nothing would make your mother and I happier then to have the two of you share the closeness and love that a brother and sister should have. Now on to you mother. Like I said earlier you are her twin. You get your hair, nails and feet done together and shop like a professional. The money you two spend at Moxie Blue and other places could have paid for this Bat Mitzvah. She has trained you well. You even wear the same size in both clothes and shoes and raid her closet because of that fact. I know you are so proud to be wearing your mother's belongings. She is an amazing mother and she loves you unconditionally. The one problem I have with you and your mother right now is when the two of you beat my high score on one of our video games and feel obligated to throw it in my face by texting me a picture of your high score. But to be honest I really don't care because it makes me happy that it makes you and your mother smile. You are a good winner but never a sore loser. Now a little bit about you and your daddy. Sami I love you more then words can say. When you smile you can light up a room and make it really hard for me to ever say no to you. I look forward to driving you to school in the morning holding your hand on the way and when you kiss me and tell me that you love me when you leave the car it makes me so happy. I love coming to your basketball and softball games and don't even get upset at you when you tell me I can't come to certain games because I am a jinx. Sometimes I just sit back and watch and listen to you talking to your friends and am amazed at your maturity. You care so deeply for your friends and family and always show respect for everyone. I am more proud of you then I can ever put in words. The world is a better place with you in it and I love you so very much. Just know that your family is and will always be there for you in every way. All I ask of you tonight is to dance with your daddy just one time. That would make me so happy. I love you Sami.